Add documentation to utilize JS testing for RSpec (#1606)
ViewComponent/view_component: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## main

> * Add documentation to use `with_rendered_component_path` with RSpec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add documentation for using `with_rendered_component_path` with RSpec.
```

> * Add missing documentation to use `with_rendered_component_path` with RSpec.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add documentation to use `with_rendered_component_path` with RSpec.
```
